Change cert-manager.io/v1beta1 to cert-manager.io/v1 (#37)
projectsyn/component-keycloak: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/how-tos/upgrade-4.x-to-5.x.adoc

= Upgrade from 4.x to 5.x

This guide describes the steps to perform an upgrade of the component from version 4.x to 5.x.

The major change removes the support of https://cert-manager.io[cert-manager] below 1.0.

== Step-by-step guide

> . Rise the Project Syn cert-manager component version at least to v2.0.0.
> . Update the component itself

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Upgrade the https://github.com/projectsyn/component-cert-manager[Project Syn cert-manager] component version to v2 or newer.
. Update the component itself
```
